c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\bin\Debug\RSSwagga.dll
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\bin\Debug\RSSwagga.pdb
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\bin\Debug\RSSwagga.RSSwagga.apk
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\bin\Debug\RSSwagga.RSSwagga-Signed.apk
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\RSSwagga.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\RSSwagga.dll
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\RSSwagga.pdb
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\android\bin\RSSwagga.RSSwagga.apk
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\bin\Debug\RSSwagga.dll.mdb
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\android\assets\RSSwagga.dll.mdb
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\layout\fragment_sample.xml
c:\users\dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\layout\pager_item.xml
C:\Users\Dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\values\themes.xml
C:\Users\Dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\drawable\favicon-32x32.png
C:\Users\Dimitri\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RSSwagga\RSSwagga\obj\Debug\res\values\colors.xml
